I don't know whether we'll have class today
where last time only was told that, uh, most
of things are covered to find out.
So do we have, uh, graded sessions like any lab,
final lab, uh, kind of thing?
No, that is over the third graded
The same one, right? Yeah, grades
Three last week. That was
graded. That's the last, that's all.
So there's no more exams for this?
Everything is graded lab sessions only. Okay. Okay.
That's what, uh, sir told the first class.
I think. Uh, we need to submit summary of all the classes
that we to take care
It. Yes. Yes.
One for all to submit.
Uh, if you remember, uh,
10% of marks will be dedicated for, uh,
Yes.
I think still time is there for us.
Uh, they need to provide the link. That's it. Okay.
I think they haven't mentioned any, uh,
deadline kind of thing, right?
No, no, no, no. Deadline is there.
Yeah,
for DL summary, it is showing due,
Just not the right, Yeah.
For today's, today's class. Yes.
No. RL plus today.
No r Yeah. This also is canceled.
We can have holiday, yes,
But I think they're capturing, uh, this, uh,
afternoon lab, uh, this thing, uh, attendance.
Okay. Yeah, the joining
and staying there for 10, 15 minutes and leaving.
And that one, and Sundays also, I was, uh,
little bit surprised when I saw
that Sundays project, that one
They're including that They, they're not
Included, but, Uh, hello, sir.
That one morning, sir. Good
Morning everyone.
How are you? Good morning, sir. Good day to everyone.
It's a bad day to have a class. Yeah.
Obviously, Like,
I think like I'm seeing very less people.
I, I think people are celebrating that one too.
We are all married and with kids. Oh, what we celebrate
Still. I,
I I do feel like a lot of youngsters are here. They are.
They are gone. They're not Listen,
They'll not be here. No,
no. Yeah. Don't expect them to be the class also.
Yeah. Just You can have an exception, like,
Yeah. So
I guess like not for teaching for other purposes as well.
So anyways, like, uh, I thought of like, uh, you know, uh,
today teaching over the starting of the neural networks.
So I'll go on the like little bit of basics.
I know you are already having a little bit of idea,
but I'll still go through the little basic
and I'll show you line by line quotes and all,
and I'll execute and I'll ask you
to do the same repetition of the thing, right?
So I think it'll be a like way we will do some kind
of interactive classes and all where
initial few minutes also, what are the contents and all.
Then we'll jump into like, uh, factors, uh, like,
you know, coding and all.
So, uh, before you start, just, just for knowledge, uh,
how many classes are still left for us, uh,
to complete, uh, the course?
Yeah, actually, um, I think like two,
three classes we are having more.
Okay. There, we will push, uh, like, uh, first one
or two classes we'll be pushing for the basic gain
and then maybe CN
and then if we get a chance, like we'll do an, uh, like RN
and r based algorithm.
So I'll try to cover as much as possible the deep planning.
Uh, you know, uh, this,
Because, because as per the calendar, we,
we just left it another two classes,
only two Saturdays are that.
So like, uh, today
and next class we can focus on this, uh, you know, this A
and n and the next class we will focus on the maybe CNN.
Okay, sir. Or you'll be adding some more extra classes on
any other days to
Yeah, we can also do that.
Like we have to see.
Sure, sir. Yeah. So I'll start with this thing.
Yeah. So as like a draw
word file, we have the word files.
So basic ideas, neural network is,
we are having some neurons.
Okay? So
Be hot.
Uh, let me take a moment. Okay. Oh, add.
Okay, I think this one turned off.
Okay. Anyways, fine. So the
Idea is, uh, like we have already learned,
this is a linear regression.
Why is it called MX plus C or MX plus B,
Whatever you Think of.
And if you're having multiple, you know, variables,
then we go for M1, X one plus M two,
X two plus M three, X three
Plus M
and x and plus C. Fine.
So this kind of, you know, uh,
equations we are already familiar with.
The idea is in the neural network,
it is called neural network.
Basically, uh, basically we are mimicking the human neurons.
Neurons are like part of unit in our brain where each
of the neurons are connected with other neurons.
Source
Biological neuron.
Okay? So this is how, uh, like, like,
Like a simplified one, how a simple neuron look like,
you know, you are biological neuron.
So we are having inputs,
inputs are taken from this dite, okay?
This dendrites are like taking signal, uh, from like,
you know, other attached neurons and all,
and what about the attachment?
There come like, you know,
the electrical signal they are accumulating
and they're basically in the nucleus.
They're calculating some kind of, you know,
response which can be triggered and all
and from this response is connected to an axon,
and axon is a connected to other neurons,
and those neurons are either getting fired, triggered, okay?
Or like if they're sitting idle, suppose the, you know,
inputs are coming very low electric signal.
So they're not getting activated.
These neurons are not getting activated,
so they're not pushing the, uh, to the output
and they are basically sitting idle if some kind,
some signals and all if they're getting activated.
So they're pushing forward the signal
and all the other neurons are also getting connected.
And in your like, uh, no,
collectively they are making some kind of registration
and like perform some kind of task.
Now,
If You see the same image
of the like neural network in like, you know,
computer neural network, that is
the artificial neural network.
We are having similar things, this gen rights, okay?
Instead of gendr, we are having these inputs,
We Are having multiple inputs, six one, x two, x three.
So multiple inputs are there,
those are getting accumulated in the neuron, okay?
And in this neuron, we are doing some kind of calculation,
and this calculation is getting forwarded
to other neurons or maybe output.
That is the, you know,
simplest way neuron network can be simplified.
You're having multiple, uh, you know, neurons
or, sorry, uh, inputs from the inputs.
You're doing this calculation. That is the, the situation.
So multiple electronics, two x three, these are there,
you are adding on bias, okay?
Each neuron will have, so one bias,
external bias will be there
and some calculations will be made.
So what about the calculations?
Why will made, okay, that I can forward
and connect to next, next neuron.
If it is there. If it's not there,
then we'll simply say this is the output we are calculating.
Now you think of it like we are having this, you know,
neural network is there
and we are applying this, uh, linear regression
or like a multi, uh, polymer, uh,
linear regression kind of things.
So what is the difference between this linear regression
and this A and n, right?
Can anybody like answer like why
are we having this artificial neural network when we are
already having this multiple end neur?
Uh, like, you know, machine learning
technique is already available
When the data numbers, when the data value is much higher,
then it becomes harder to do it with the conventional, uh,
uh, large, uh, linear regression work.
I think the linear linearity
to address a problem linearity, non-linearity.
Yeah. So, so what is happening?
If you're having ous of data
and you are like, you know, the patterns are everything is,
uh, very much complex
and linear regression is not able to solve.
You can use these a Ns,
but the problem is a n with this one, no matter
how many layers or neurons you use,
basically you are always using this situation, okay?
Now this will always be having the problem of like, uh,
you know, collection of multiple, uh,
that is the linear regressions we are performing.
So you are not getting any benefits out of it.
So the adding one little bit of spiciness, like masala,
you can say we add activation functions.
Now, bear with me this one.
Activation functions, okay?
This activation functions are like, you know, your backbone
or like, you know, uh, your, uh,
much more superior when it comes
to like your machine learning.
They, because of this activation function,
these activation functions are reasons for
in introducing non-linearity
in more like, you know, neural network model.
It is nonlinear model, huh? That is the thing.
So whenever your data is very much complex, okay,
it is not able to give you what I good answers
and all from the like basic a n
and all then like activation functions,
various activation functions.
There we are using, utilizing it,
and this is basically adding the spice
or the nonlinearity factor where the complex patterns
and you know, data sets are being analyzed
and are giving you better results.
That is the activation functions work. Okay?
So give you the things.
So in each of the, uh, first let's go to the image. Okay?
In this one you see the linear function we're performing,
that is our like why MX one plus MX two,
MX three plus B, this one Z.
Okay? Then we are having this activation function.
So before pushing the output to the next neurons
or next, like as an output representative to the next node,
uh, we are basically saying that
you apply this activation function
and whatever the calculator output will be
generated, then you forward it.
Okay? So example being, uh,
suppose here the calculation is why is it go
to something I've calculated?
Suppose that is 0.7.
Now on the 0.7, we won't be directly forwarding
as an output, okay?
For output, we'll be applying some kind, you know,
uh, activation function.
Suppose activation function is sigmoid.
We are applying sigmoid activation function.
Now, based on this one, the sigmoid activation function says
that, uh, let me check sigmoid to one plus sigmoid
activation function equation is, ah, this one,
one by one upon one, uh, plus you do one minus six.
So whatever the value will be there from there, one by one,
plus you do the power minus six.
Okay? So this equation will apply, so in
x will be replaced with 0.7
and whatever the value that will be,
I'll be forwarding from this neurons
and all whatever the calculation is there.
Now, this is the way
where we are actually introducing the non-linearity, okay?
Now let's just understand what are the,
like basic elements in a neural network?
Then we'll be pushing forward, fine.
Now, let's just go to the image again.
What are the elements we are having?
We are having in a single, you know, neural network
with one neuron, we can say we are having the inputs,
okay, X one, X two, X three.
These inputs are there, these are one
and three, you are having weights.
Each of these, you know, xs are collected with W.
So instead of you can say like MX one,
you are writing X one.
W one, okay? Plus X two, W2 plus X and W one.
So you're having weights, these weights are there associated
with the, you know, each of the inputs.
You are having one bias, that is the b, the external signal
or like, you know, or direct, uh, parameter pushing
this one, you are having this activation function.
So these are the also neural network.
Now you connect multiple nodes together
to form some kind of neural network.
Now you see this is the like, you know,
fully connected neural network.
What is happening, you are having multiple inputs.
X one, you are having, suppose this is X one, X two,
X three, x four, you are having hidden layers.
These are all like in single single neurons.
So it is doing what it is connected with all of the,
you know, uh, the suppose.
So,
Okay?
Okay, so each of the neurons is connected with the inputs.
This neuron is also connected with all of the inputs,
and each of these input is connected with this neurons
with some of the weight, supposed this is connected
with W one weight with this one, uh, this, uh, you know,
X two is connected with this, uh, hidden, uh, neuron.
That is the W2. So this is W three, W four.
Suppose this neuron is connected with W five,
W six, W seven.
So each of these neurons is connected with some kinda,
you know, uh, values
and all, uh, so the inputs and their respective weights,
and we do the calculations in these layers, okay?
In this, each of the neurons,
and based on the activation functions, we'll apply.
So that might be various activation function
that I'll also tell you,
and we forward the output in the like next nodes.
So they can also do the calculations
and collectively at the end, they can do some kinda
know output, calculate some kind of output.
So that is the thing. Suppose, uh, here, um,
like feeding some of the inputs
and there are four types of categorical output.
Is there, okay, four categorical output is there suppose,
um, actually identifying, uh, a person is, um,
uh, suppose this one is, uh,
suppose four colors we are predicting either
from the inputs, okay?
We are feeding multiple imagery
and we are testing out that output is red,
green, blue, or yellow.
This four output is there,
and based upon these inputs, so suppose in a image,
four parameters, are there four parameters
for one single data points, I'm feeding X one, x two,
x three, x four mapping to the one output.
That might be red, green, blue, yellow.
But for each of this, you know, uh, like input,
they will collectively calculate for all of the outputs
and they will check which output is having higher number.
So in this output layer, suppose collectively, uh,
suppose this will be 0.7.
This 0.1, this is 0.0, uh, sorry, 0.05. This is 0.05.
So collectively, I'm seeing which like having the higher
value, so from the output, we are saying, okay,
this value is having how, like, you know, compared
to the other, uh, uh, you know, output, this is higher one.
So from the X one data point,
or sorry, this, uh, it's a little bit harder
to like, make you understand like, let's check
this one house price prediction,
prediction dataset see better.
However,
Okay, let just simplify this one.
We are already found with the titan dataset, okay?
In this Titan dataset, what is happening, uh,
we are having multiple inputs
and compared to like, uh, we are all mapping to the survival
of not survival, right?
In neural network, what will happen,
we in the output layer in like we will have two neurons,
zero or one fine, these two won't be happening.
So multiple inputs we are providing for each
of the data points, we are providing this.
Uh, suppose this is the X one, this is the X two,
this is the X three, x four, x five, x six, x seven,
x eight, x nine, and all of these things collectively,
neural network, calculate
and gib output for like 0.01,
what is the like value they're calculating.
And for zero point, like, uh, the output value not survive,
zero for one and zero, we will calculate
and based on the like higher value, whichever higher value,
just like your base, euro might be one like, uh, close to,
uh, whichever is greater.
So we'll classify this point as like whether
that person has survived or not.
So that's it, that is the idea. Fine.
We do a little bit of practice, then we'll understand. Okay?
So as you see, like what are the like, uh, you know,
neural network, it is a math vertical function
that takes input, uh, calculate some kind of new linear, uh,
applications or like by doing the, uh, multiplication
with the respective weights, adds a bias
and passes the result through an activation function
to the next node or as an output, fine.
So what are the elements you're having?
We're having weights. So weights should be connected
with each of the previous layers, uh, either neurons
or maybe inputs, fine biases.
So an extra parameter that allows output to be s shifted,
helping the model and fitting data better, just like your,
uh, you know, linear regression that is like how the,
like from which point we are starting the curve
and we are having the activation function.
Uh, non-linear functions like sigma softness, multiple
functions are there that decide if a
neuron should be fired or not.
So it is a factor where like you are saying that, uh,
the neuron, whatever the output is coming instead of like,
uh, you know, directly sending the value as it is,
we are having some kind of saying
that we are segregating the nonlinear factor to it.
Now, whenever actually you, uh, you know,
applies any activation functions, you have
to think it in that way.
Uh, like 15 years back, you can say like 10,
15 years back, More than 10, 10 years back,
what used to happen, we were facing a big problem
that was the gradient decent, uh, gradient vening problem.
So anybody's like, uh, familiar with the, uh, uh, this, uh,
gradient decent?
Yes, sir. Huh?
So like, uh, back in the day, what used to happen, we used
to face, uh, like a problem in the neur network
that is the gradient vening problem.
And this gradient vening problem, what used to happen, uh,
like, you know, while we used to train the neural networks,
uh, like in the initial phase, we used
to have like very good, uh, good, you know,
corrections on the weights and biases,
and we used to get, uh, good results,
but as soon as we going into the like previous, uh, notes
and all on all, uh,
because, uh, layers, uh, like, you know how this
like, uh, okay, fine.
And I think like
after a few more minutes, I'll be able to explain it better.
After a few more concepts,
like let's just say like few other
things you need to understand.
We are having few
of the activation functions we are having sigmoid, okay?
Try to avoid the sigmoid activation function in modern, no,
uh, this architecture of neural networks to avoid, uh,
this one, uh, that is a gradient s problem.
We're having a 10 h that's also, this is the similar thing.
So you also try to avoid this activation function.
Then we are having this rail rectified linear
unit, okay?
This is mostly
used In hidden layers.
That is the thing, hidden layers.
Whenever we actually creating like a first set, you know,
neural network for a data set, you try to, uh, like, uh,
you know, introduce, this is radio activation functions
for your hidden layers.
Now what are hiddenness and all that I'll discuss, uh,
like this, you have to use that, you have to think in
that way now as an output
layer, okay?
As an output layer, you have to like, uh, think whether
that's a classification problem.
Then you go for soft match activation function,
find soft match actually function.
And if it is a problem of the regression,
if you're solving some regression problem in neural network,
then you go for linear activation function, fine.
So these are the actually few of the activation functions
that you need to remember, uh, for like, you know,
initial layers, you go with this one relu, okay?
And in the like output layer, you are having this soft max
or this linear regression based on umbrella classification
or regression problems.
Now, yay, discuss Corona. Now what is select layers?
Layer as in we have to discuss.
Now think of this neural network.
We are having multiple layers, okay?
Layers as in this, uh, uh, you know, column wise
or vertical space is what you are seeing.
So X one, X two, X three, these are on same level.
So we are saying this is one layer,
this is another layer, okay?
Hidden layer. We are having one layer,
we're having another layer, another layer.
So multiple layers stacked together,
and each of these layer are like connected
to the previous layer and the like, you know, uh,
forwarded layer, like, uh, next, uh, layers
and calculations are going on on a layer by layer basis.
That is the thing. Now, in this one we
are generally asked like, what is the difference
between your, uh, first difference
between your machine learning algorithm
and your neural network algorithm,
especially the deep learning models difference.
What is the difference between your machine learning
algorithm and deep learning algorithm?
Uh, basically what happens is when
you have your asked that, uh,
Okay, A NN versus ML algorithms,
you are having all of the layers the same.
You'll be having one input layer, okay?
One input layer where you are providing all
of the inputs of the data.
Then you'll have a written layer
where you are doing the calculations in the machine learning
algorithm, whatever the algorithms you're applying,
you are doing the calculations here, the calculation part,
the calculation part,
and the last layer will be output layer.
Okay? So what is happening?
It'll have one input layer, one hidden layer,
what the calculation are doing, and one output layer.
Suppose it's a kind of a, uh, that is, uh,
let's just say any algorithm is a linear regression here.
So here we will do the linear regression.
So two differences, I'll tell you.
The one is the linear regression we are doing
for the machine learning and for like, you know, a
and n also, you're doing the same.
So basically A and n and email in this point is same, okay?
But what happens when you say what is deep learning
and what is the difference?
So in deep learning, the difference between your ML
and your uh, deep learning is it'll have same
as one input layer.
So I'll copy this one
whenever we'll be constructing a model,
it'll have one input layer, it'll have more than one
hidden layer layers, okay?
And you'll have one output layer.
So output input layer remains the same,
but you'll have multiple hidden layers.
So as long as your,
our model architecture is having more than one hidden
layers, then you can say it is a deep learning model model,
you know, uh, machine learning model
or normal, you know, no, like, uh,
that is a difference, okay?
So whenever you are seeing a model,
we are having multiple hidden layers.
In this case, it is having two hidden layers.
So it is a part of deep learning model, right?
A pallet differentiation, input
and output layer in between you can have multiple, you know,
calculation layers if it is one.
So in mostly machine learning, we're doing one so
that you can do or you can like have multiple hidden layers.
So multiple hitters.
That is the difference between
a machine learning and deep learning.
And the second, you know,
beautiful thing about the hidden layers is, uh,
in this deep learning, we are having one concept
that is back propagation.
Like have you gone through this back propagation algorithm
in related subjection?
All? Yes, sir.
Okay, so back propagation is another difference
where we are doing the forward path, calculating the error,
then going from like a, you know, uh, output layer
to input layer traversing,
and we are manipulating each of the weights,
and from there we are finding out like, you know,
or improving the accuracy, the back propagation we are able
to do with the epoch, right?
Whenever you are training a model, okay, through the epoch,
we are saying that these many times I want
to do the back propagation of the model, create roge,
and that model will generally set a variable
that is epoch in this epoch.
If you say 10, okay, so 10 means
I want my model to go 10 times forward
and backward, do the back proposition 10 times
and manipulate the words to get a better results.
In machine learning, you are not doing that.
You're not going forward and backward.
So first difference is multiple hidden layers,
second differences, back provocation, okay?
Then other sort of like smaller differences will be there
like multiple, you know, functions, uh, features, uh, like,
you know, uh, uh, dropout regulation, all
of those factors can be coming handy
during the machine learning.
Uh, so planning trainings
and layer different layers, uh, you can add,
but the main differences if you ask, I feel this is the one,
like these are the two like multiple hidden layers you can
have and the concept of back propagation where you do like,
you know, manipulation of the weight
to get a better results, that is like superior version.
That is another one.
So you're already having, yeah.
Now like how do we construct a, you know,
architecture open neural network?
You have to understand. So today we will be jumping
and using this mni dataset, okay?
Mni dataset, uh, familiar dataset, sir?
Yes sir, Yes sir.
Other manage ones, okay,
so NYS dataset is like a collection of now handwritten, uh,
digits like this.
So in this one we are having roughly 70,000 images
all are like up to zero to nine.
Each of this having a 28 cost, 28, uh, pixel images,
so very small images
and each of them having some kinda numbers
and their respective levels as well.
So this is four, the level is four,
this is one level is one.
So 70,000 data points are there, okay?
70,000 samples are there in the mni data set.
Data set is already available in the uh, uh,
maybe 10 flow.
From there you can load the data
and apply the in models and all fine.
Now, whenever actually you are trying
to create a neural network model, you have
to remember these things in the
deep learning model or in n model,
the input layer
dimension input dimension
must match the dimension
of the dataset, okay?
So whenever you're constructing any kind of neural network,
okay, the input layer
must match the dimension of the dataset.
So in this one, we are having the dimension of 28 plus 28,
the image pixel, if you flatten it out,
so 28 into 28 will become 7 84.
So you, your input layer should have like similar
matching input, you know, uh, neurons in this one,
that should be your goal.
And another thing you have to keep in mind the output layer.
This also should match the number of classification.
If it's a classification problem,
because there's dataset we are, we'll be trying
to predict if, uh, like, you know, um,
some numbers are like seven
or eight something handwritten numbers
that we are checking, cross checking.
So the output layers must also categorize in
those variable numbers.
So we are having zero to nine digits for this dataset.
So we are saying the output layer must be two, oh, sorry,
in this contain mine.
Now, if it was a tightening dataset
in the Titan dataset, suppose the number of you know, row,
you know, like attributes we are having suppose eight.
Okay, eight. Then the input dimension would've been
would be eight in your case, fine.
And the output dimension,
because suppose we are
input layer size,
the output layer, suppose we are doing the survive.
So we would've taken output layer, you know, output
as dimension size as two
because zero to one year categorical.
In this one we are taking this 10
because we are having zero to nine categories.
So these two, we have to always keep in mind that
whenever you're constructing any model, okay,
the input layer should be same as your, like a dataset,
dimension, and output layer should also match the output
layer or the like number of layers you are having.
Okay? In that way, first thing is forwarded
after input layer of output layer is both sorted.
Now we have to construct the hidden layers. Okay?
Now hidden layers, how do we construct?
We have to conceptualize in a way we have
to create a funnel like architecture.
So, so
what do I mean by like funnel, like architecture?
Funnel? Like architecture means
if I'm inserting two hidden layers, okay,
so in the first hidden layer,
I will have more number of neurons, okay?
As in suppose I'll take 1 28 neurons
and the first hidden layer,
and in the second hidden layer
I'll have 64 neurons.
So you're seeing that we are having multiple, you know,
hidden layers, one after another.
Those are attached, okay?
So let's just write in this way
so I think it'll look better.
Hmm, first layer, we are taking 120 new, uh, eight neurons.
Second layer, we are taking 64 neurons.
Then we are trying to, uh, do the training and all.
So entire architecture, what we are having the input layer,
we are having 28 cost 20,
and okay, that is 28, cost 28
because the MDs data set is 28 plus 28 hidden layer.
We're choosing two, uh, like, you know, hidden layers.
We are having 1 28 and 64 neurons.
Then in the output layer,
because the 10 categorical output is the 10 output layer.
So this is my architecture of the you, no, uh,
neural network, or I can create different kinda
architecture like similar to this instead of two.
Let's just go with the three, you no hidden layers.
So I'll take three hidden layers,
send this three also I can choose something like that.
I'll start with 128. Suppose, uh, then you choose 64.
Then in the third neuro
or like the hidden layer, you choose 32 neurons
like that you can create your multiple
hidden layers and all.
Now, few of the key things you need to remember,
whenever you are constructing any hidden layers,
you make sure the n numbers are
to, to de power something of hiddenness constructed.
You should remember that these numbers are
to deliver something because the RAM usage can,
or GPU usage you are doing that is like mostly chunk of ram
and those are divided into something blocks.
So if you're choosing something like a hundred neurons
and all you are free to do, there's no problem, it'll do,
but you'll be wasting some ram or resources.
You are like algorithm won't be that much optimized.
So always try to choose this, you know, uh, number
of neurons, you know, to, to the birth
or something like that.
Now the idea is like how to choose this, you know,
number of hidden layers.
That is like a big question.
Uh, pooch is a like how do you know like, uh,
we will been needing two hidden layers,
only 128 neurons only.
Instead, like suppose, uh, I'm saying
how like I'll construct in this way thousand 84 neurons I is
for the first hidden layer,
and let's say for the second one I'll choose suppose 5 1 2.
You can do that. There is no problem.
Now this, this thing now like the number of hidden layers
and number of neurons, how many you need,
that depends upon that data.
And we cannot predict like beforehand that for this kind
of data, these mainly hidden layers are needed.
This many neurons are needed.
A number of hidden layers of number of hidden layers.
You're choosing, uh, number of, you know,
or like neurons you're choosing
for each of the hidden layers.
These are actually a kind of, uh, r and d kind thing.
You do a hidden trial thing
and you try to find out your optimal, you know,
hidden layer numbers, uh, neuron sizes
to get better actually, uh, Accuracy.
So first we choose like for the, you know, bare minimum,
we choose one or two hidden layers for the initial phase.
Then we like, if you're not getting any good results and all
after results are churning error,
then you increase the number of neurons first.
If you're still not satisfied, then you increase the number
of hidden layers, okay?
Then there are other sort of techniques also
to increase the accuracy, the to discuss.
But initially what you do, you go with the input layer,
output layer, those are fixed
and you do this thing, you choose first two layers, okay?
And you go with a little bit of an easier numbers.
Suppose this one
or maybe shall 5 1 2
and 2 56, okay?
Let's just go with this one
and we'll train a model with this, this architecture,
two eight layers, one input layer or one output layer.
So we have this code copy
Third for example, if our uh, nu data set,
we are taking table like structure in that we have uh,
five variable and 50 uh, uh, records.
So what will be the input size in that?
Input size will be dependent upon the number of features.
Number of features, yes, yes. So five
Five will be your input dimension.
Yeah, five will be that, yes, but yes,
So in this case, if you see each of these images,
okay, this four is a single data point.
Yes sir. You can think of it
as a single row, yeah, yeah.
Each of the pixel is one feature, either
that is zero or one.
Yeah. Got it. Okay.
So this is how we are setting for this thing.
We're having total 7 84, you know, features for each
of them is 7 84 features will be there
and 70,000 records are there.
So the input dimension always will be your number
of features you are having.
Yeah, thank you. Yeah, yeah. Okay.
I have little bit of like, you know, okay,
uh, flow.
Is this the a m code we are having? Ah, okay, fine.
So here we are having the, you know, initial libraries
and all, there will be actually basic things
that is the initialization of the libraries and all.
Let's just go with the, uh,
you know, running of the library.
So once you've done the tensor flow, so for like, you know,
performing any deep learning structures model,
you can go do like a tensor flow ts,
these kind libraries are there
where you are having multiple, you know, uh,
functional facilities, which you can use
to create your models and all.
So let's just do, do the tensor flow.
Within the TensorFlow we are having Theas unit need to input
and from Theas we'll be having, um, like, you know, uh,
this model implementation part
and all that will discuss the layers part, okay?
Now the dataset we are actually importing, see this,
the dataset, s dataset is already available in the kras.
KRAS is a part of your TensorFlow.
TensorFlow do KRAS dot your data will be there, okay?
Dataset that you can also input.
So I can also write in this way,
Okay?
So like this way also you can import the data.
So from TensorFlow, do carers dot dataset.
So these dots are representing some folder architecture
find, so there is a folder called TensorFlow.
Within that folder, if you open, there will be s folder.
Within the S folder, there's a dataset folder.
Within the dataset folder,
there is a file NYS dataset that I'm importing.
Okay? This is like folder like architecture
where are instead of slash you are using the dots
to access those, you know, uh, libraries or functionalities.
Now, once you actually load this one, okay, um,
Then I can re remove this one.
I'll Run this again,
I'll Load this data set fine.
So loading of the data set is done extreme.
Okay, I'll, how do we share the code with you guys?
Can I share this file in the chat so you can also like,
you know, copy paste and do the same thing?
Yes sir. Yes sir.
We are having that WhatsApp group as well, right?
Yeah. Yes.
You can share it in the WhatsApp, sir. There we can do,
Yeah, that will be, I think I'll share this
Document.
All can even perform the task and all.
Yes, sir. Yeah, Please check it. I already done.
We have received sir. Yeah,
so
The data set is already loaded.
Now we'll do one thing. We'll normalize the data,
normalize it, we are, you know, uh,
the value because these are gray scale images,
so the value is eight, eight images, zero two to 55.
That is the range they're going.
Now, to normalize this one, I can, you can directly go
and use the MinMax scaler
or you can like, uh, do a little bit maths.
If I divide with 2 55, the value between the zero
and 2 55 will become the value between zero and one.
Okay? Now, the value for each pixels,
each pixels value are ranging from zero to 2 55.
So the idea is if you divide any value
with 2 55,
The Values are something like this, 0 1 2.
Now everything will become between zero to 2 55.
You're getting the point.
Yes, sir. Yes sir. Hi, sir.
In normalizing the data instead of like, you know,
atch scaler using, there a little shortcut
but directly dividing with to 55,
Okay? So we are
having this extreme extra data set.
We have divided it like I normalize the data.
I'll run it once. It is a,
So one question, I, which group you have shared?
I, I'm not sure if I'm not there in the group looks.
Yeah, sure, sure. Same for me as well.
I am also not there. AI systems lab, uh,
like we are not there
Only, okay, I'll, uh, link is there
Where link is there in the main group?
Can someone, can
Someone reshare that Please has shared?
I'll also share in the chat.
So later you try to figure out like, uh, where do actually,
uh, like a no and in the WhatsApp group and all,
Okay,
I someone can share it, right?
Yeah, I have shared in the chat.
You can also open up from the chat for now
and later you can discuss like how
to add in the WhatsApp group and all like,
or I can also like invite link,
something I can paste so that,
Okay, I've shared in the
main group you can check,
Okay? I'll
Also share here as Well.
Okay, so WhatsApp group, I've also shared here,
so you can also like add yourself here.
Okay, fine. So
We are having this one, it is already done.
Now let's just like create the model as we discussed. Okay?
First layer, we are having this
sequential level loading most like in like most
of the cases you go and like create,
whenever you creating a deep learning a neural network
model, you go for this sequential one, okay?
So Ks the sequential in this one, one
after another layers will be adding.
So first layer as we discussed, that will be input layer.
Now dimension is already set. The dimension is 28, cost 28.
So input save you are defining that should be equal to your
whatever the data points are there.
Now you, we are mostly actually doing this one if you are
having non one dimensional data, okay?
So we are converting our multiplying 28 plus 28.
Now we are creating 7 84 of data points
and that we can push it to the next layers and all.
So instead of a, you know, uh, detangled dataset,
tabular dataset, we,
we having one dimensional data just like signal
and we can do the neural uh, networking
and all on that basis.
So for that purpose we use this flatten layer.
So this is basically conversion of your two dimensional,
two, one dimensional or we,
or maybe three your end dimensional data into
one dimensional data.
Fine. Now, once you've done that,
we are having two hidden layers,
Very simple in this two hidden layers, okay?
You are simply adding the number of neurons
that we discussed under 28.
Let's just increase to 5 1 2
and we'll check what is, what are the things
and the activation function, this is a must thing.
You have to actually insert.
There are multiple other factors you can also add within the
layers, like for bare minimum in the neural networks
or deep learning networks, you add the, you know, number
of neurons and your activation function.
And for the hidden layers, we mostly rely upon the okay for
avoiding radiant problem.
Now, for this is the first hidden layer.
Now we are having second hidden layer,
but also, okay,
set the neuron sizes, 2 56 neurons per layers
and we'll have a activation function.
That is the drill fine and the output layer.
Finally, we again choose the dense layer for like each
of the, you know, mid midsection
and all there we are having this functionality
that is the 10, you know, output neurons we are choosing
and activation function is soft max
because it is a classification issue.
We do soft max function for classification
segregation of the data points.
So you have to remember this one, soft max is used for
categorical or classification problems.
Now what another thing you have to remember,
if you are dealing with, you know, the layered numbers,
something like, you know, uh, CNN, something like that,
where you write 2 56 pro 2 56, something like that.
So in the final layer you have to also use the flatten one
before like applying this final one.
So that is like how you have to think about
how you are actually, you know,
converting your data from multi-dimensional to one dimension
or one dimensional multi dimension and,
and further you are connecting
and finally you are getting the output in how many,
you know, dimensions.
It didn't cost one. So I should be
expecting one dimensional data.
So that is the thing that we are doing.
Now, once you have done this one, okay, you have like a,
a required things are written like number of layers,
hidden layers, uh, the input layers and the output layers.
You go and like, uh, write this one model dot summit just
to like, so a visualized prospect, how this models are made,
what are the parameters and everything.
Once I executed this one, you see number
of layers are total four.
In this case we are having,
first one is the hidden layer, this is the input layer.
So your 28 plus 28 is breaking into 7 84 output.
Say, okay, parameter.
In this case we are zero because we are not doing any
calculations in this one.
Now, first hidden layer, we are having 512 neurons.
We are having in this one we are having almost full lack
parameters, which we are training upon parameters
as in number of weights and biases or first hidden layer.
We are having full lack numbers of node like your, uh,
weights and biases there that are there
and those from input layer, they're coming
with this parameters
and getting the calculation done in this
layer for student layer.
Then you are having the second hidden layer with two 50,
Sorry,
So we're having, yeah, 2 56, uh, numbers
of neurons in the like second hidden layer
there we are having almost one left, 31,000, you know,
parameters that are getting trained and all,
and finally the output layer, we are having 10
as a critical output,
and there we are calculating 2,572 parameters
to give you the, give us the output.
Okay? So these are the like model summary and all
and few of the parameters we have to also insert
before we do the training part,
just machine learning, we had three parts.
Uh, you, you know, uh, like, uh, uh,
data set, you have to like, you know, make a manageable way.
So you first do the feature engineering
data proposing thing.
Second, you choose the models,
and third, you do the model training and testing.
In this one, we are having one extra step
after this model, you know, this uh, parameter, the model
selection and like the parameters you have selected, you go
for this parameters like where do you choose the optimizer,
uh, the loss function and the metrics,
and we compile with the model.
So model is our, like our model.
We can write this one as well a n models our location model.
So we'll generate this one a n model.
So we have created this A and n model, okay?
Now here will be setting up few of the parameters.
So these are the base parameters.
Basically go further like, uh, choosing the optimizers
as atom, it is like most advanced one.
There are more like, you know, variations
of atoms are also available instead of Adam,
where having Adams prob gradient distance stock
to gradients, multiple optimizers there.
Basically we stick to the Adam one,
like it is heavily useful.
Uh, this parts categorical entropy is very like popular
for the law loss function calculation.
There are other loss function calculations can be also done,
whatever for loss function.
Not much differentiate, I didn't get, okay, for you,
you can choose for your own data
set that might be different.
So loss function, multiple things are there.
You can like study this manual
and all for the loss functions within the, uh, the scale us
or tins flow data, uh, like, you know, manual
and for metrics we are going for the accuracy.
Now we again execute this task.
Once it is executed, then we'll go
and do the model training.
So we are having this model that is a name we have renamed
that is the A NCO model fit,
extreme wide train, OCH sizes,
20 och.
That is the epoch. We need to understand, I'm saying
how many numbers I want my model to actually go
for forward proposition and backward proposition.
This is the, you know, epoch that we're talking about.
If you're like, uh, you can increase the,
like decrease the number two one
or increase the number two, like, uh,
like multiple millions and all.
So there is no limit, but you have to make sure
once you get a like, you know, uh, accuracy
where you are not getting,
like suppose you are doing the forward provocation
and backward provocation.
You are changing the weights and biases, uh, weights
and biases go what?
Forward provocation, backward
provocation change cartage area.
And finally you have reached a point
after that you are not getting a high accuracy.
Suppose the accuracy is 94% or 95%
after suppose 50 epochs you have set a epochs a thousand
instead of like 20.
Suppose you are running for thousand iterations and suppose
after 50 iterations the accuracy is not getting improved,
94, 95.
So it is, you know, going maximum 94, i sorry, maximum 95.
And again, it is losing its accuracy to 94
and it is still going in the training with uh, like, uh,
you know, for preparation, backward provision 51 time,
52nd time, 53rd time again and again, it is going on and on.
So you are basically, you are, uh, wasting your resources.
That is the thing. So start with less, maybe 10 or 20, okay?
Then you check like, uh,
in which epoch you are having approximately you are accuracy
level satisfactory or you are not getting any beneficial
after like a 10 or 20 or even after 20.
You saying like accuracy can maybe still improve,
then you can increase the epoch, uh, like, uh,
with few numbers and not, so that is the idea.
And another aspect I want to tell you about the EP epoch
or what in one eppo, the entire extreme dataset
here, the extreme dataset size is 60,000.
I haven't written somewhere,
Okay, here.
So extreme sizes, 60,000 and extract sizes.
So this many data points we are having for training,
60,000 data points for testing 10,000 data points.
So in one epoch, 60,000, this training points will be given
to the NN model for one iteration of, uh, you know, uh,
this is the, uh, going for forward propagation,
backward propagation and like one will set like
how many times, okay?
Here, uh, it's not only that one small mistake, I said,
okay, so the confusion may be wrong, like,
but I'll try, try to teach you like how do,
how do I actually express myself in this way?
So in one epoch, try to remember this thing
in one epoch, the entire
dataset will be like
entire dataset and entire training dataset
will be shown to the model.
So it can do forward
propagation and backward
propagation, okay?
For like improving your weights and biases.
So you have to thinking this way, one epoch is equal.
Two, the model will be getting the whole data set one time
so it can do the forward provision, backward provision.
Now this batch size is very important in that case.
Now, for each iteration, if I set 60,000, you know,
best size, so 60,000 times
one after another data points will be feeded to the model
60,000 times the data times like it'll calculate
for the first data points.
Okay? So first data points,
whatever the data is there.
First data point,
it'll have some error or loss function,
loss function, one suppose
fine loss function one.
Now for the second data point, again,
it'll calculate loss function two.
Then for the third data point,
it'll do the loss function three till 60,000 data points.
It'll do understand this one.
So we are having for 60,000 times it'll go,
okay, loss function, 60,000.
Now it'll do the average of the loss, average of the loss
as in adding all of this loss function, one, loss function,
two, loss function, three loss function, 60,000 divided
by 60,000, okay?
Then it'll have one integration of epoch.
Okay? So this is for one epoch,
you are sending entire dataset
and it is able to calculate the loss function one time,
okay, average loss is calculating, then it'll go further
back propagation
Fine.
So 60,000 times it'll calculate the loss functions,
find out the average loss of the 60,000 data points
and it'll go and do the back propagation based on the error.
It got fine.
Now, yeah,
now if you set this, you know,
VA sizes instead of 60,000, what if I choose very less?
Number four,
fine.
So I'll have four data points,
four loss function based on that.
It'll do average loss,
calculate average loss based on these four,
and it'll go for the back proposition.
Okay? Now, within one oc, what will happen again,
the fifth data point.
Hello everyone, GMC approved
and under construction loan will be escape platform.
Ah,
5, 6, 7, 8.
These data points are also calculated, okay?
The same epoch is going on, average loss will be calculated.
Then again, it'll go further. No backward propagation.
Honestly, as a parent, someone
Mic is on. Could
you actually check? Can please
Mute your mic?
Yeah, thank you. Okay.
So you have to think in this way
Based upon this, your best size, your number of e uh,
your no back propagation will depend
how many times it'll calculate and do the back propagation.
The back size is too small,
the back propagation will be increased.
If the back size is too large,
the back propagation will be decreased.
So in a way you have to think, you know, like, you know, um,
moderate number where you take a whole sum of data set
and do average calculation of the error, like ana,
multiple ones and zeros, sevens and nines.
Everything is combined and taking an error.
And there you are actually manipulating the weights.
Or you can do like the, like best sizes,
one for each iteration.
It'll check the error and it'll do the back propagation
for each of the, you know, uh,
forward propagation there like, you know,
overfeeding issue will be there
because for each of the data points it'll try to, uh,
manipulate the weights and biases and all.
So you have to think in this way,
whatever the best size you are choosing it should be like,
you know, like basically a good number
but not very large number kind of thing.
So, and also in one OC I said the like entire
data set will be shown.
So the past size is something where we say, uh,
this is a division if you like, you know, divide the data,
set
iterations, how many iterations of
back propagation you'll get in a, you know,
back propagation, you'll get in a epoch.
That is your, the calculation is very simple.
That is the data size divided by your batch size,
whatever the value is there, okay?
Suppose that is x, so x of time,
that will be the back propagation will be done in one epoch.
Now what do I mean by that?
Let's just do and like execute the code.
Then it'll understand. So now if I actually execute this
code, if you see
3 75 iterations are going on, so 3 75 times
I'm getting the value as x in this case.
So, so 3 75 times it is calculating forward,
like doing the forward propagation
and backward propagation in one epoch.
And for each of them we are having this accuracy, this loss
and validation accuracy.
So it is continuously in one epoch two, we have three epoch.
It is continuously increasing
because the data side size is very optimizing like,
uh, small.
We are having this epoch very fast, like the other side,
few models of which are trained in the like even know past,
which used to take like weeks to train
for like a an like you used to take a entire day
for one epoch that used to happen.
Now thi this i,
I do think like I'll repeat this similar thing
or similar practice in the next class as well.
So you get like if some of you are still confused,
you do practice in the next step will repeat the similar
things and you get a grasp of this, you know, each
of the parameters, uh, like very well.
Okay? Now you see the accuracy, I'm getting very high.
It started from 56% accuracy.
Now we're down to 95% accuracy
and validation accuracy is 95%.
So you might have heard that is a like,
you know, over fitting issue.
So if you're getting very high accuracy
of like training accuracy
and very bad validation accuracy, that is the over fitting
and you go, both of them are like low validation
and training they're having under fitting issue.
Now with these validation accuracy, you're also able
to tell your model is whether under fitted
or rubber fitted in that way.
Okay? So we are almost at 97, 90 8% accuracy.
I do think this is very good, you know,
numbers which you are having currently, right?
So 20 OC is done, we are having 97.98,
98% almost accuracy.
And for the validation accuracy is almost same.
So this is how we have trained the model.
Now, if you want to actually do some motivation
and all, okay, try
to test out like if you can like increase the number
of like accuracy and all, then you can always go
and like change this, uh, you know, number of neurons
or maybe some activation functions.
So you do a combination thing,
then you can choose a different optimizer.
Uh, this, uh, this factors the number of
epochs you can like increase
or decrease, you can change the batch sizes
and with a combination multiple things,
you test out the way in which combination I'm having
higher accuracy.
That should be your target.
Now let's just go, another thing I have actually
experimented instead of hidden layers, I have just
One question, sir. Yes.
Uh, the optimizer you selected Adam is
and specifically reason why you selected Adam, not Adam w
or something like that because Adam
will much more faster than Adam.
Is there any reason you selected Adam for this?
No, no, that that's, I i I actually, uh, already said that
multiple optimizers there, Adam is a whole, whole GA of the,
like everybody uses that one for experimental purpose.
Some I said there are multiple variations of Adam there.
Those are there, those also works better.
Some of the works faster.
That depends upon your actually, uh, thing.
So you can choose Adam W
or like that is like, let's just train this model,
the second one I'm saying.
So that there I will choose the item define.
Sure, yeah.
So in this one I'm creating a model two.
In this one instead of two hidden layers,
I'm having three hidden layers
and I'm having 2 56, 1 28 and 64.
So funnel kinda architecture, larger and neurons too small
and neurons and we are converging to 10,
you know, output layers.
So again, I luxury execute this one.
And in this one let's just go with the Adam w
Discuss, Okay, this is the one, like one, right?
Or should we write something else?
That's the, that's all.
Okay, fine. Let's just do and compile this one as well.
And again, we'll keep the same thing.
EP size 20 by size 1 28.
Uh, so like making that, uh, you know, uh,
comparison valid and fair.
Like only we have changed, like one hidden layer,
we have increased, but neurons we have decreased, uh,
and also changed the optimizer.
And previously we got 97% accuracy.
Let's just see how much we get in this one.
I,
You see convergence are already reaching 93, 90 4% in the
epoch nine or 10, so like 20.
I don't think I will get very much, you know, uh,
fruitful results out of this one,
like very small converge with this.
Sir, is there any to, to design
or, uh, to configure all these factors
like you are looking at, uh, optimizer
as Adam w then we have this back size.
Um, so is there any tumble, uh, for a particular data set
or certain set of data sets, which is the good choice
to, to, to select?
And
Actually that is start with small
and you progress with the higher numbers.
If you're in, within the small batch sizes, smaller number
of like a hundred, 200 neuron sizes
and all you, if you're getting very good
accuracy, then it is fine.
If you're not getting very high accuracy
and all, then you start increasing the number of layers,
number of neurons
and uh, like, you know, um,
integrate maybe dropout functions, other like,
uh, optimizes and all those things.
So it is always written time method.
Yeah. So, uh, you have just mentioned that, uh,
there are certain programs you run, uh, it took, uh
mm-hmm for databox.
So how to overcome such scenario if we are coming across
such problems, how we can overcome such scenario
That, that that is a problem of deep learning,
hardware limitation and time consumption.
It is high compared to like machine learning,
but machine learning,
which cannot solve like complex problems.
Uh, like, you know, uh, uh, giving you like a good sense
of results, then you have no other option
to do like in this way.
And they are like, uh, the first way is always go
with the smaller number of like, uh, hidden layers
and smaller numbers neurons
and see if your model is able to give you a good
satisfactory results that is like 90%,
or if it is there, then it is fine.
If you're not getting like, uh, no, then you increase the,
uh, hidden layers, the neuron, uh,
numbers you do community thing
and, uh, go on like, uh, this kind
of like application things and all.
Okay, one last question.
Um, let's say that, uh, I have a GPU
and uh, that GPU have certain mention of, uh,
9,000 G Cuda code.
Mm-hmm. So does uh, will that contribute to,
uh, any of these parameters or is it
Actually, uh, for that one you, you have
to like install Cuda in your system.
Nvidia Cuda and integrate with the extensor float inflow
works brilliantly in Cuda course, so
that will actually give you like almost a hundred times
faster execution compared to the like, uh, RAM
and CPU combination.
Okay. Okay. Yeah, you can like, you know, this code,
you can like, uh, configure in a way with the CODA code
and it'll run on GPU.
Yeah, I'm, I'm already running it in my,
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay. Yeah sir, can you, can you just talk about
how do you get the number 3 75?
3 75? Yeah.
3 75 is this one.
Oh, I have written here,
I guess is a number of iteration, like all the number
of back propagation it is doing in one eppo
that is the dataset size or training dataset size,
That Is a 60,000 divided by your batch size.
That is 128 we have set here.
So if you divide that is 60,000 divided by 1 28,
you'll roughly get this 3 74 point something.
Okay? Each och goes through, uh,
Like in each e box,
3 75, 5 times training will be done.
And for one training,
1 28 random data will be chosen from the dataset.
Okay? Yeah. Okay.
Randomly chosen, but those won't be repeated.
Then next 128 data ing and giving it to the model.
Then next 128, 3 75 times,
I'll pick 128 images out of the dataset
and feed it to the model so it can do the, uh, uh,
calculate the, for like do the forward propagation,
calculate the loss function and do a back propagation.
Now, like see, suppose if I increase it to like 60,000
is for fun, let's do it.
So one NPO will be taking huge amount of time
and one epoc will be having one iteration
of the backward propagation.
Okay? Okay. What it, alright,
Like Average it is taking the average
of 60,000 data points and doing one back pro ation.
In this one also, like, uh,
because the model is already trained
and on the top of that it is training,
so you're already having a good accuracy in this case,
but mostly on not get a good accuracy on that case.
Okay. So in, in each pocket it's like 3 75 times the wait
updates happen and uh, yeah,
Uh, if you're choosing the best size of like 128,
Okay, So in, in this case, what is happening?
So the training dataset size is
60,000, Okay?
And your best size is also 60,000.
So that means the result is one.
So in one eppo, one time backport
propagation is getting done.
Okay? Okay. If you reduce the number, suppose instead
of like, uh, no, uh, that is, uh, 1 28, let's just go
with this 2 56.
So roughly if I do this 1, 2 56, so, and we'll get somewhere
and around 180, like somewhere let's,
let's just run it and check.
So 180 8 we are having, okay. Yeah. Okay.
But like these are the like technical questions sometimes
are being asked in the, you know, uh, this interviews
and all that you might be actually know.
Okay, I do think like, uh, that's fine.
So like for the, you know, uh, this, uh,
assignment prospect kind of things, uh, this I will also ask
to TAs to upload in the, uh, that one, uh, that is,
uh, your LAMS.
So you do what you actually try
to practice the similar thing.
You try to train your a n model based on the MS dataset
and try, uh, like a variations of the like, number
of hidden layers done, number of newtons
or maybe different optimizers.
Uh, you try a recomme everything
and check out like which kind of results you are getting.
And like on the top of that, if you want
to do something you like, you know, out of the ordinary,
you always do the model training
and test, you get the high results and you get satisfac,
but we don't go for the prediction
of the model for that purpose.
You can do what, you can write one number, you know,
in your, um, noted or something take a snap
and upload it to, to your model.
And like before, like a prediction, you do convert and like,
because these images are, uh, black on white
and we mostly have white sheet on like, you know, black
or blue pen, you can reverse the image in a negative way
and feed that image to check out the prediction,
like which number you have written
and whether the model is able to predict
or not, that you can also do
sheet page, which we later suppose eight you have written,
you take a snap of that one, you write a code in that one,
the image will be converted
or cropped like a crop image across May 28 across 28.
Then it'll be go go through the negative filter
that is white will become black, blackwell become white.
Then you can go for the prediction
and the model will predict
whether the number is eight or something.
Okay. I think, uh, that is all for today's session.
Today. There will be lab session, sir
Lab you do that.
Like I have already shared the documents
and all you uh, do that from your end
and we already like always have seven days of time, uh,
by the news actually try to submit that one.
So can you try that And, and uh, between that,
because this is very interesting, I'll also try
to help within the WhatsApp group if you are actually
finding anything troublesome
or problematic things you can share your problems
and all in the, within the WhatsApp group group.
So maybe I, maybe someone else can like help you out
with the problems and all, or if you're having some doubts
and all, don't wait for the like entire week
or next class in between you drop a text, whatever,
like your doubts and all you are having some problems
and error, uh, within the WhatsApp group even pushed.
So can we use au? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Au tin flow. Yeah.
Like, uh, anything is right au is a very,
like a lot of features are there. Yeah.
Yeah. We are using that in the deep learning class. Yeah.
Thank you sir. Yeah,
Sir. Uh, just
a small question.
So next class on next Saturday is the last one, right?
Next or next I think,
Um, as per the schedule 22nd is the last,
uh, class first.
So we have the class on 21st, which is Saturday.
So that should be the last
Okay, fine. Then we'll
do that thing.
Like I will do like variations
of training on this a and itself.
Like we'll try to learn the factors
and all if some people are having still some doubts and all,
and I know like plenty of people are missing today
because of the 1430.
So those people will come. I think
this is a like, very important class.
So we'll again, push it, push this class to next class.
This will be a revision kind of thing,
and again, a practice kind of thing,
which we will all perform.
Okay, sir. Okay. Maybe like, uh, I had the idea
and then the first classes we discussed,
like maybe we can somehow like, you know, combine few
of the classes and push it to the next level.
So I thought of like doing the CN in the like, uh,
success com, like classes
and then maybe jumping into RN based algorithms
and all like, uh, discussing like what are the use cases
and which data set you should be using and all fine.
Like, yeah, let's just go with this a n only
and like more classes subjects are there
also, and you can explore.
Yes, sir. Thank you sir. Yeah,
So I'm closing the session.
Okay, sir. One, one question, sir. One question.
Yeah, please, please, please, please, sir, when,
when we can see the grades
for all these assignments, sir, any idea?
Uh, I have two actually ask a Neil who,
what is the like update on this one?
That is the like, uh, they're checking
and all I, I'll try to ask
and like see like, you know,
which state they're currently at
and they'll like, I'll ask them to actually finish as soon
as possible because they exams will also start
and uh, like, uh, you know, we have
to also give the marks and all.
So we should also give you the update on the, like,
as checking and all.
Thank you. Uh, especially on the graded, uh,
graded labs.
Hello Sir. Excuse me, sir.
Uh, yesterday I forgot
to send the assignments today I'll be sending the
assignment for grade three. So I hope, uh,
Grade, grade lab Graded assignments, sir,
yesterday I was supposed,
Okay, uh, I'll request a, like a new to reopen that one.
Uh, but some marks will be deducted because it is too late.
Okay. Yeah.
Uh, the class notes, where should we submit?
You say right at the end of the session or
Something? Uh, yeah, like, let's
just do the like last class next day.
Then we will, uh, like, uh, upload some, uh,
like a drive folder where you can upload
Okay, sir. Or
maybe some Google form, something like that.
So we'll share that one.
And there you can like upload,
upload the details and the files
Sirs, uh, assignment would be helpful
That that can only be also done.
Like yeah, multiple ways are there. We'll figure something
Sir. Uh, is it, is
it mandatory for us
to attend the lab session in the afternoon
because you're giving one week time
so we can do the lab anytime?
Yeah. That that is what like, uh, it is not mandated to
Done. Thank
You. That
We have to summarize every, um, session,
Not summarize, not the session, the topics
That topic which we have covered like this. Yeah,
Yeah. The, the topics
and the like, you know, things we have gone
through in the entire syllabus.
Those we have to summarize and like make a kind of manual
or make a like, you know, very like a, um,
beautifully crafted notebook kind of thing
where like we can go through and all this is the thing.
So Word document works, Right?
Ah, yeah. Word PDF, anything is fine.
So any page Restriction,
like we need to minimum No, no, no. Give, no
Nothing, nothing, Nothing, nothing.
And and sir, we don't have any
additional grade assignment,
Correct?
No, no, no, no. Last grade assignment is already done.
You are left to do with the, like the this week, week's, uh,
assignment or whatever,
like you do the practice from your end.
You upload that one only, uh, like kind of questions
or one liner questions I'll provide.
And um, next week, whatever will be
there along with that one.
The last thing will, uh, like, uh, submit
that is the like manual kinda thing.
Okay. Yeah. Nobody,
So in total, three more things from our end?
Yeah. Okay.
Okay. I'll actually finish the class then.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you sir.
So any doubts and all you actually
reach out in WhatsApp group?
Sure, sure, sure. Thank you.
Okay, thank you.